Subscribe to Publisher in the NullChannel (#3448)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/channel.adoc

[[channel-special-channels]]
==== Special Channels

Two special channels are defined within the application context by default: `errorChannel` and `nullChannel`.
The 'nullChannel' (an instance of `NullChannel`) acts like `/dev/null`, logging any message sent to it at the `DEBUG` level and returning immediately.

> The special treatment is applied for the `org.reactivestreams.Publisher` payload of a sent message: it is subscribed in this channel immediately to initiate a reactive stream processing, although data is ignored in this channel according `NullChannel` nature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The special treatment is applied for an `org.reactivestreams.Publisher` payload of a sent message: it is subscribed to in this channel immediately, to initiate reactive stream processing, although the data is discarded.
```
